ENH better control for random seed (#837)
benchopt/benchopt: doc/whats_new.rst

API
---

> - Add seeding for the base classes (via ``self.get_seed``) to improve random control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add API to control randomness in benchmarks via ``get_seed`` method in base classes.
```
